I’ve really enjoyed talking with you.
I have to get off at the next stop,
but I’d like to give you this.
I know you mentioned
that you don’t read much,
but I think you’ll really like this website.
It has free information and videos
for your whole family.
Thanks.
I’ll take a look at it.
You’re welcome.
Have a great day!
So, soon the whole earth will be a paradise
and there’ll be no more sickness.
I wish I had faith like yours.
It would really help me
to cope with this health problem.
Well, you know, the hope I just described
is found in the Bible.
This card takes you to a website
that has more information.
The code on the back directs you to a video
that briefly explains why there are
so many problems in the world.
Oh, thank you.
I will definitely watch it when I go home.
Next patient, please.
Well, it looks like they’re ready for me.
Thank you for the card and for listening.
Hey, Sabrina, where did you get
that information for your class report?
I found it on this website, jw.org.
It has a whole section for teens,
and everything is free.
Thanks!
I’ll check it out after class.
Hi, would you like something to read?
Do you have anything in Korean?
Unfortunately, we don’t today.
But our website, jw.org,
does have literature in Korean.
If you have a moment, I can show you.
OK, great!